Correct and update the definition of RAG Strategizer (#984)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/contextual-data-platform/agentic-ai-suite.md

- [**Ada**](../agentic-ai-suite/ada.md):
  The AI digital assistant, for natural language interaction and development.
- [**AutoGraph**](../agentic-ai-suite/autograph/_index.md):
  Organize enterprise data into a contextual knowledge graph, with the

>   **RAG Strategizer** assigning each domain the right processing depth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Organize enterprise data into a contextual knowledge graph, with the
  **AutoRAG** assigning each domain the right processing depth
```
